Add warning about test files in publish docs (#3486)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/publishing/publish-local.md

  ~/.ivy2/local/io.github.scala-cli/hello-scala-cli_3/0.1.0-SNAPSHOT/
```

:::caution

> The Publish command will exclude sources that are considered test files.
> This includes any file that is placed in `test` directory. 
> 
> Read more about test sources in [testing documentation](../test.md#test-sources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `publish local` sub-command does not currently support publishing of the test scope.
This includes any file that is placed in `test` directory or with the `.test.scala` suffix. 

Read more about test sources in [testing documentation](../test.md#test-sources).
```
